Update Investigating_Web_Issues.md (#4562)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Procedures/Investigating_Web_Issues.md

> [!NOTE]
> Recording might impact performance as data is written to the disk. Once the recording has been made, stop the recording by deleting the folder.

#### GQI DxM installation

> If you encounter issues with GQI DxM it might help to repair the service by running GQI DxM installer. For example if you follow the steps described in [Enabling the use of the GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM#enabling-the-use-of-the-gqi-dxm) but are unable to see GQI DxM version in the _About_ page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled the GQI DxM as described in [Enabling the use of the GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM#enabling-the-use-of-the-gqi-dxm) but still see *No DxM* in the *About* page, something might have gone wrong during the DxM installation. You can try to repair the installation by taking the following steps:
```

Author: I guess reinstallation can fix other issues as well so I would like this to be as generic as possible while still indicating which problems the user can expect to solve with it. Maybe the docs team has an idea how to best phrase this

1. Using Task Manager, stop the DataMiner GQI service.
   > [!NOTE]

>    > Make sure the associated DataMiner GQI process has stopped completed. If not, kill it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Make sure the associated DataMiner GQI process has stopped. If not, kill it.
```

1. Navigate to `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Tools\ModuleInstallers\Web`.
1. Run the GQI DxM installer again in Repair mode.

> 1. Restart the web server in IIS to reconnect the web apps with the GQI DxM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Restart the web server using IIS Manager to reconnect the web apps with the GQI DxM. 
```

to be precise, or just

```suggestion
1. Restart the web server to reconnect the web apps with the GQI DxM. 
```

> [!NOTE]
> Recording might impact performance as data is written to the disk. Once the recording has been made, stop the recording by deleting the folder.

#### GQI DxM repair

If you encounter issues with GQI DxM, for example, if you have [enabled the GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM#enabling-the-use-of-the-gqi-dxm) but are unable to see GQI DxM version on the *About* page, try repairing the service by running the GQI DxM installer:

1. Using Task Manager, stop the DataMiner GQI service.

   > [!NOTE]
   > Make sure the associated DataMiner GQI process is stopped as well.

1. Navigate to `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Tools\ModuleInstallers\Web`.

> 1. Run the *DataMiner GQI* DxM installer in Repair mode.

Reviewer 2: Could you include some more detail on how you can run the installer in repair mode? Maybe a screenshot could help?

> 1. Restart the web server using IIS Manager to reconnect the web apps with the GQI DxM.

Reviewer 2: Could you include more information on how to do this? Some users may not be familiar with IIS Manager and will need clear step-by-step instructions for this.
